Reorder Slides of the Existing Product Presentation.
You'll be doing this on the already‑created product presentation.
So first, open an InputStream to the PowerPoint presentation file.
Next,
create a XMLSlideShow object, passing the
InputStream to represent the PowerPoint.
Then, you can retrieve the slide to be reordered like this, passing in the
index number of the slide. The index is zero‑based. Then, reorder slides by
calling the setSlideOrder method on the ppt, passing in the slide to be
reordered, and the new index, once again,
zero‑based.
Then open an OutputStream to the file. And finally, write the changes made to the slides to the OutputStream.